README.md, before:

# README

This project provides an [ActiveAdmin](http://activeadmin.info/) interface for
Cru staff to enter details for the Cru Conference.

## Development

### Set up Your Development Environment

Check-out the repository and rubygem dependencies.

```sh
git co git@github.com:CruGlobal/staff-conf-onsite.git && cd staff-conf-onsite
bundle
```

Before settings up the database, you need to setup the CAS credentials
necessary to seed the development user records. These test accounts have real
records on the [TheKey.me](https://thekey.me/cas/login) server and they are
downloaded when the records are persisted. See the [Authentication
Section](#authentication) section for instructions.

Finally, setup the database and start the development server.

```sh
./bin/rake db:setup
./bin/rails server
```

### Populate DB with Fake Data

This application is mainly concerned with data-entry and report creation. It
can be very tedious to create the data required to do any real manual testing.
You can use `FactoryGirl` to generate a number of fake records in the
development DB.

```sh
bin/rake dev:populate
```

### Generate Documentation

If you're unfamiliar with this codebase, the HTML documentation is a very
useful resource. After running the following command, navigate your browser to
`./doc/index.html`.

```sh
bin/rake yard
```

## Linting and Testing

The default `rake` task will lint the codebase with
[RuboCop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) and
[Reek](https://github.com/troessner/reek), then run the automated tests.

```sh
bin/rake
bin/rake test  # skip the linters
```

When writing code, you can use [Guard](https://github.com/guard/guard) for
continuous testing. With Guard, whenever a file is updated, any tests
associated with that file are automatically run.

```sh
bundle exec guard
```

## Application Concepts

### Authentication

Instead of storing passwords locally, this project uses the
[CAS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Authentication_Service) single
sign-on protocol for authentication, even in development. You can create a free
account at [TheKey.me](https://thekey.me/cas/service/selfservice?target=signup).

For CAS Authentication to work in development, you need to create a
`.env.local` file in the project's root to contain the TheKey.me API key, like:

```sh
export CAS_ACCESS_TOKEN="0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef01234567"
```

Even with a validated CAS account, a user must be listed in the Users table.
Users can be added by existing admin users on the [admin
page](http://localhost:3000/users). Admin users can also be created with rake:

```sh
bin/rake users:new_admin[user@example.com]
```

The Development and Staging servers are seeded with an account for each User
role, with a real CAS account:

  * **Admin**: `jon.sangster+admin@ballistiq.com`
  * **Finance**: `jon.sangster+finance@ballistiq.com`
  * **General**: `jon.sangster+general@ballistiq.com`

Each account uses the password `CRUstaff2016`

Commit message:

Accounting report (#76)
* Make grade a string instead of an integer enum.

* Add vehicle information to the summary screen.

* Appease Rubocop

* Refactor services for additional tests and improved readability

* Implement Accounting Report

README.md, after:

# README

This project provides an [ActiveAdmin](http://activeadmin.info/) interface for
Cru staff to enter details for the Cru Conference.

## Development

### Set up Your Development Environment

Check-out the repository and rubygem dependencies.

```sh
git co git@github.com:CruGlobal/staff-conf-onsite.git && cd staff-conf-onsite
bundle
```

Before settings up the database, you need to setup the CAS credentials
necessary to seed the development user records. These test accounts have real
records on the [TheKey.me](https://thekey.me/cas/login) server and they are
downloaded when the records are persisted. See the [Authentication
Section](#authentication) section for instructions.

Finally, setup the database and start the development server.

```sh
./bin/rake db:setup
./bin/rails server
```

### Populate DB with Fake Data

This application is mainly concerned with data-entry and report creation. It
can be very tedious to create the data required to do any real manual testing.
You can use `FactoryGirl` to generate a number of fake records in the
development DB.

```sh
bin/rake dev:populate
```

### Generate Documentation

If you're unfamiliar with this codebase, the HTML documentation is a very
useful resource. After running the following command, navigate your browser to
`./doc/index.html`.

```sh
bin/rake yard
```

## Linting and Testing

The default `rake` task will lint the codebase with
[RuboCop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) and
[Reek](https://github.com/troessner/reek), then run the automated tests.

```sh
bin/rake
bin/rake test  # skip the linters
```

When writing code, you can use [Guard](https://github.com/guard/guard) for
continuous testing. With Guard, whenever a file is updated, any tests
associated with that file are automatically run.

```sh
bundle exec guard
```

### Integration Tests

To test that the site actually works correctly in a user's browser, the
integration tests will open an instance of
[Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome), and have a "robot" automatically
similate a user's actions. For speed and convenience, this is done using
"headless Chrome," a version of Chrome which doesn't actually open a visible
window; however, if your integration tests are failing, it may be useful to see
what the robot is actually doing. You may switch to using a visible Chrome
window, instead of headless Chrome, with this command:

```sh
bin/rake test:integration CAPYBARA_DRIVER=chrome
```

## Application Concepts

### Authentication

Instead of storing passwords locally, this project uses the
[CAS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Authentication_Service) single
sign-on protocol for authentication, even in development. You can create a free
account at [TheKey.me](https://thekey.me/cas/service/selfservice?target=signup).

For CAS Authentication to work in development, you need to create a
`.env.local` file in the project's root to contain the TheKey.me API key, like:

```sh
export CAS_ACCESS_TOKEN="0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef01234567"
```

Even with a validated CAS account, a user must be listed in the Users table.
Users can be added by existing admin users on the [admin
page](http://localhost:3000/users). Admin users can also be created with rake:

```sh
bin/rake users:new_admin[user@example.com]
```

The Development and Staging servers are seeded with an account for each User
role, with a real CAS account:

  * **Admin**: `jon.sangster+admin@ballistiq.com`
  * **Finance**: `jon.sangster+finance@ballistiq.com`
  * **General**: `jon.sangster+general@ballistiq.com`

Each account uses the password `CRUstaff2016`
